the first team exercise the
first the antlers will remain as
yesterday said the Russian artillery and goal
requiem so now it's goal to aseban
and copy goes and suck and then it will go
Soldier to catch is going
with this music I sing tango of the guilt
is an immigrant simoes of
exercise
and expression
Y
very well is a music the comparsita the
led maría martín hernando of the year
catapun in 1988 and 87 in the championship
Spanish 87 and at the Olympic Games of
Seoul in clubs the living encyclopedia
the mantis to me and the music
and good in this gym we can see
perfectly in the use of
two hands with the device because it's
constantly drawing well with the
right with the left dancing with the
act with the right hand or with the
left constantly and good is a
delight see the apparatus work on
all because expressively if you try
put the character but not that point
strong is the work of the apparatus of the
hand